Welcome to the\ Icod Work on Demand Framework project site!

= Icod Work on Demand Framework =

== What the Hell is this thing? ==
The Icod Work on Demand Framework, or WoD, is a class library and corresponding client program (Icod.Wod.Client, [https://github.com/uniblab/Icod.Wod.Client]) intended to automate a great variety of tasks.  Some tasks might be downloading a delimited file via Sftp, inserting that file into a database, and exporting some data to your SalesForce cloud.  Another option might be pulling data, exposed as Json feed, and importing into your own database, manipulating it, and then exporting a CSV report to a group via email.  Or maybe you just need something to archive a bunch of daily log files into a set of ZIP archives.  There is an extremely good chance the WoD has the functionality you need, even if that need is emptying a directory and then downloading a few hundred PDF's from an Ftp site back into that directory.

== Does it need some sort of cloud? ==
No.  It'll run on any computer which supports the .Net Framework 4.7.2.

== How do I use it? ==
Some collection of tasks, a Work Order, is represented by an Xml file, called a Schematic.  A separate client is used to interpret the Schematic and execute the corresponding functions of the WoD Framework.  Typical use would be along the lines of:
 <nowiki>
 C:\users\tbruce\bin\Icod.Wod\Icod.Wod.Client.exe .\someSchematic.xml
</nowiki>

== Is it hard to write a WoD Schematic? ==
It's rather easy, IMHO.  Since we like intellisense and autocomplete there is a pair of Xsd schema files which Visual Studio, Glade, and Notepad++ will use.  Thanks to intellisense  and autocomplete you can focus on ''what'' you want to do rather than ''how'' to do it.  The fundamental tasks are dbCommand, dbFileExport, dbFileImport, fileOperation, sfRestSelect, sfBulkOperation, and email.  If what you want done can't be done with those then give me a ring and we'll see how your task fits into things.  Or better yet, extend the framework and submit your contribution!

== Do you have an example I could take a look at? ==
Sure! Here is the schematic I used to rebase all the source code files to code page 1252, and then prepend each with a copyright notice.
[https://pastebin.com/ruG9g3Jb]

== Wow! This does more than Dell's Boomi. ==
Yes, I know.  It's easier to use too.
